OK so the last the last chapter of this saga the CSSA file.
So we need to go over it.
I have created details that component at CSX and then we're going to go over our customized styling
for the outlook for the way that the site actually looks like.
We disclose this for the way that this site actually looks like OK.
So they first have the dot details and it says margin top 30 to be X meaning 32 pixels can be written
in percentages but percentages are always relative to their parents anyway.
So margin top for details.
And you have the details here and the top margin will be 27 was at 32.
Sorry.
So we want to bounce this from the create account in all accounts for 30s by 37 pixels that's a basically
we're just we're just separating the space between them.
You can i would I would actually before it can go any further I would actually go ahead encourage you
to change a lot of these settings change them drastically and take a look at the site see how it actually
reflects the behavior of the site the the layout of the site.
Okay.
So next up we have a detail label and if we go back we are still here.
So account and balance first of all we have text align to the right so we are aligning to the right
account balance should be somewhere here where my mouse is now.
But we're aligning it to the right so it is here and then we have teks transformed to upper case.
Yes.
They're both upper case account and balance regardless of how it is written in HD a male font weight
is probably the only unknown here that is that it signifies the thickness of the letters so the thickness
of that letters 700 deaths basically bold font size 14.
No explanation needed there.
Just set the font size and margin right.
Minus eight.
So we wish to decrease our alignment to the right.
We wish to actually bring this a little bit closer.
I don't believe that this many see is strictly necessary but oh well you can live with it change it
just change the mind say that is literally the best way to see what's going to happen.
Change it to something else change it to plus there and see what happens.
And then you have margin top which is nine pixels basically just the top margin for 9 pixels.
And you have the color which is some eight hundred and eighty eight which is basically the weird and
the strange color of these letters it's somewhere in something like gray zoomed in.
It's yeah it's something like three or it's gray.
If you're if you're a little bit colorblind like me sometimes it's something great let's just leave
it at that.
Next up you have media and now media is utilized in order to make our site responsive.
So let's see.
We didn't actually have this line.
Let me just show you what's going to happen.
So control X control us.
OK.
It looks fine right no changes.
But if I reduce the size of the screen look at what happens to the account balance.
They run off to the right because they are aligned to the right.
So let's go ahead and bring this line back.
Now explain it.
If I reload the site look at what happens now account and balance are aligned to the left.
So if the max with the for the screen for this screen with perform a certain action if it's lower than
this please perform this action and align it to the left on the smaller screens.
OK.
Now we move on forward to the DTL date data.
Basically just the alignment of the text should be to the left and the font size should be 24 so global
bank main bank account.
Now we're going to go ahead and go into the details that tranced these are all the classes which we
have been specifying in the HD in our file if you go back you will be able to find them all.
So details trance.
This is basically giving us what I say with 100 percent.
It's 100 percent not of the screen size but rather instead it is 100 percent of the parent of the parent.
Basically what the parent is that you need to see DHT about but doesn't matter.
When you say 100 percent it is referring to the parents that appearance size.
Let me just see if I can
get so position.
You see the width of this this whole thing this whole rectangle is 100 percent in response in in respect
with respect to its parent.
And you have position relative to all the other elements there and then it says the thickness of the
border shall be one pixel and this will be the color.
So this is just the hexadecimal representation.
This is just a representation for the color
that representation for the color and C Ss let me just get the hexadecimal just the representation of
the color and.
And where was the border color so the border color is again something gray which goes round and round
in circles.
Now the border radius actually states that we don't want the edges on our borders as you can see there.
We have curves.
So there are no edges it just curves margin top 24 pixels so we're separating it from the top by 24
pixels.
But the padding is 72 by 12 by 0 by 12 which are basically the distances between the which I what is
done with the padding.
Here is the spacing within this rectangle.
So you have 70 72 like from the from the top from the top and you have which number was a 12 from the
left
and you have zero pixels from from the bottom basically.
So it goes.
It goes in that order in a circle is circular sort of fashion the way that these paddings have been
put.
But again please go ahead and change these values and see what happens.
That's really the best way to learn it.
I can tell you this.
This is like a top.
This is was it the left.
And this is the bottom.
And this one is.
This one is the left side.
And this one is that.
Sorry this one is actually the right side and this one is actually the left side.
But it doesn't matter.
Change them and see what they actually do and how they behave without you actually changing them.
My talk is actually pointless because chances of you actually remembering this are pretty slim without
you actually doing it.
So anyway moving down to the details trends before this is a very weird thing.
This actually creates something before the actual element.
And it says here content transactions so this is the content of the transactions.
You can see it here and then it says.
Position.
Absolute top 24 for left.
Twenty four.
So we are again doing the yard.
Wait wait wait wait.
Kind of want to put the screens left and right so that you can actually see what's going on might be
like this.
So I can scroll it down and
or just give me a moment to it OK.
So this is this is better.
Anyway so we have lights and stupid things here that we had from before like the font weight like the
font weight which is basically the thickness of the font.
And you have the font size which is 14 and you have some silly color.
And again we have the transformation to uppercase which is basically which basically stands for trans
actions.
So we're transforming dad into upper case.
And then for transactions we have the top margin.
And we have the left margin so we're moving it from the top and moving it from the left by 24 pixels.
That's approximate absolute.
It just means in respect to its parent.
So it's not a margin it's basically a position in respect to the parent.
OK so that would be it would be have the last one which is the dot label which is the label for the
tags which is stedding the margin there to be two pixels.
So we can separate them apart anyway.
That would be it for the C Ss.
I'm going to go ahead and bid you farewell here.
Before I do I'm going to go ahead and ask you one more time just to keep on changing these things.
I'm not the best person for success but some change you do require a certain amount of knowledge for
the SS and the best way to do it is just to have the code and then just keypunch write the code and
then just keep on changing things and see how they reflect on the side because that's basically how
I learned it as well.
So for a while and hope to see you soon.